# **How to waste your life**:-


1.	Don’t think about life. 
  a.	Let things take their course. Depend upon uncertainties and probabilistic nature of life and then later blame it all on luck. 
  b.	Do not plan your life and make the real hard decisions. Easier to live life in the same path.\
  c.	You must think you are SO busy right? Busy doing what?? If you are busy, that means you are doing things right. Right? So what if the things you have packed them with might not be the best use of that time. So what if they are a waste of your time, energy and potential.
2.	Ignore your relationships
  a.	Relationships with any person is a lot of drama. People are difficult. 
  b.	Close relationships strongly impact happiness, it doesn’t mean we need to focus on relationships.
  c.	They are hard work and they might not work out. Heartbreak and abandonment are hard work. What are the odds that the relationships might actually work out in the end. What if the relationships have a healthy impact on your life. What if they stay? What if they pay back? What if it helps you learn something about the wonderful spectrum of creatures and all the different flavours that human beings come as?
  d.	It’s more important to pay more attention on myself to improve my life. I should Ignore others because who would want to help me anyway. Right? My thoughts, opinions and emptions are the only thing that is important. I am always right. Why, should I help?
  e.	I am always right and know everything and I can’t be wrong so why should I care to invest my life pursuing a relationship and try and understand a human individual that has come close to my life in some way because it might harm me. As if my self-destructive habits and patterns don’t already do that to me.
3.	Condemn yourself to mediocrity
  a.	I am not good enough. I am not smart enough. I am not talented enough. I am not strong enough. I am not tall enough. I am not good looking enough. 
  b.	People might laugh at me and talk behind their backs. People might make fun of me people might talk behind my back and gossip. Failing sucks right? I don’t want to fail. Insert [fancy thing] and [luxury] that uplifts my social status quo publicly is meant for other people and clearly not meant for me? Because I am meant to be human shadow in the background in the sea of billions of people. I have to be as undetectable and not garner any or all attention because that is the kind of shy introverted loser I am. I am habituated to be a undetectable human shadow in the background that is simply almost non existent to people and do not impact people’s life. Because that would mean people would rely and depend on me and that is hard work and I do not have it in me to do that.
  c.	I won’t adapt to change. I am scared of uncertainty and resistant to change. “Nah, I’m good” is my life motto. Nah I am not talking about nitpicking things. I do not have that kind of luxury. Beggars can’t be choosers. Yes do say no to things that are going to sabotage you. But I don’t think a loser like you has an infinite amount of options do you?
4.	Things will automatically come to me.
  a.	I won’t need to do that particular thing I am supposed to do regularly.
  b.	I don’t need to show up at [insert] place at [insert] time to do [insert] thing.
  c.	Why? Cuz it’s fucking tough and I lack the tenacity for that.
  d.	Courage and discipline have never shown to accomplish anything, right?
  e.	So what’s the point if things will never change for me? If I will remain the same for me. If my life is a excruciating and eternal circle of pain. Instagram is never leaving planet earth is it??
  f.	What if God is testing my limits and I am trapped in an endless circle of character development lessons? Have you maybe thought that you didn’t try enough? That maybe all the effort you put in would sum up and show what you are truly capable of given you worked hard?
  g.	Have you maybe thought that the first time you failed the conditions and situation wasn’t in your favor? That the circumstances weren’t conducive enough for you to succeed. If you want it that bad why don’t you try harder next time and try figure out what went wrong and make it right because you deserve all the things and every single thing that you worked hard for. How about you know what it is you are fighting for and know what to do and do the right thing.
5.	Everything happens for a reason right? Hard work is not going to change that fact.
  a.	Courage and discipline will not change anything
  b.	I don’t need to follow my schedule and show up at places I am supposed to. I don’t need to show up early at work. I don’t need to attend all my classes. I don’t need to dedicate more time and hours on that one thing that I like doing and is going to eventually benefit my entire fucking life. I don’t need to get a good body, look better and feel better about myself. I definitely don’t need to study more and I don’t need to get better and make myself better. 
  c.	I don’t need to go to the gym. Cuz looking good and feeling good about myself and my body isn’t something that I have time for and is not something made for me. Plus, people are going to gossip about the fact that I gym and laugh behind my back. 
  d.	Fuck them they are imbeciles. I am always right.  Fuck the world. I am always right.
  e.	Maybe I am always right but should I ever introspect and verify? No! 
  f.	See how things I did could be made better with careful and conscious introspection and verification? Things I don’t know could be known by practice and spending time on that. Maybe not none night maybe not two nights? What if I start to commit on it for a period of time and hit all the marks with my most attentive state of mind and deep focus well I know I will still not change. This will lead to a suicide and paralysis and depression and even darker things. Even though everybody is helping you to redeem yourself. You yourself aren’t. Idk why though. Impostor syndrome. Some deep seated self hate and regret or childhood trauma manifesting itself into this shape and form. Whatever it is, I won’t try to get my shit together.
  g.	What if even by accident you checked your mistakes again. That one competitive programming solution. That one qc program in that one competition. What if you took a breath before answering a question asked in an interview and cracked onto one of the biggest companies on the face of the earth. What if you did land a crore package. Are you prepared for that fortune. Do you stay optimistic. Do you work hard? Don’t because it is difficult. All this is going to end up in trash. And it is going to be the same thing over and over, all over again.  
  h.	Like the movies? The losers are always losers and winners always winners. The hero wins and villain no matter how strong always loses. I know the ending to all the movies so I stop watching half way through because I already know the ending. There is no thrill at doing anything because I am never wrong and I know everything.
  i.	If someone fires me, dislikes me, doesn’t buy my product, doesn’t listen to me, it’s because they are wrong and they have an agenda and have hate against me beyond anything I have produced, created and built. Its personal vendetta always cuz whatecer I make is fucking perfect. It couldn’t be about what I did or what I made or vuilt because that is fucking perfect. 
  j.	People by default think I ama bad person or a creep. So I hate myself and am scared of making the first move cause my self image in my mind is that of a monster. Not of a eager kind and warm human being because that is what I think of myself. When I had weed that one day. I just saw a monster in the bathroom mirror. That is my picture of myself. I sad monster whom everybody despises. There is no therapy that can treat you except self love.
  k.	I am not a leader. I am background noise only alive to keep my parents happy. And adding no value or substance to this planet however much I deceive or gaslight myself.
6.	 I am good enough wherever I am at life. 
  a.	 I am a consumer and not a creator. 
  b.	I am not creating something because in that case people will see me and what if they laugh at me. I can’t start my website, my business, organize things take charge and do it because it is simpler to talk about doing these things that doing them and achieving them or organizing things. Let’s watch Netflix instead of making something for Netflix like my own fucking IIT KGP seniors did? I can’t I am not made up for that shit. That is exactly not what got me kicked out of TFPS.
  c.	I should put the fear of failure above everything else.
  d.	After you waste your life you might want to waste your money staying up late and eating at night canteens too because why not. Papa is always there. Beg your way through life. 
